Adding a approving leave guide for management (#1128)
publiccodenet/about: activities/staff-management/approving-leave.md

---
type: Resource
---

# Approving leave

How to approve leave requests for vacation, not for sick, pregnancy, care or emergency leave.

> A leave request email is submitted through the personal Tentoo account of the employee or through email if employed outside of the Netherlands. in line with the [staff leave guide](../staff-information/leave.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A leave request email is submitted through the personal Tentoo account of the employee or through email if employed outside of the Netherlands, in line with the [staff leave guide](../staff-information/leave.md).
```

> 1. See the leave overview in Tentoo NMBRS to see if their leave overlaps with their colleagues and if necessary ask if they have discussed with their planning with their team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check the leave overview in Tentoo NMBRS to see if their leave overlaps with their colleagues, and if necessary ask if they have discussed their planning with their team.
```

> 2. Check the balance of leave in the leave overview. If this balance is low offer for them to buy their leave.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check the balance of leave in the leave overview. If this balance is low, remind them of the possibility to buy extra leave.
```
